---
title: "Lasered!: Laser Cutting Designs"
layout: post
---
This project showcases my first effort in creating computational designs, and fabricating them with a laser cutter/engraver. I first took three inspirations: the solar system, topographic map designs, and ... . From there I studied the math and computation behind how these patterns show up in the real world and used that to create closely related and generated designs using Processing 4. To finish it all off I used Rhino and a laser cutter/engraver to make these designs a reality by engraving and cutting them out on pieces of plywood. This blog details my process, and the results of my work.

# Materials Used
## Software & Machines
- **Processing 4:** Used to generate the computational designs.
- **Rhino Software:** Utilized for refining designs and for preparing files for laser cutting.

- **Laser Engraver:** Employed laser cutter from BTU (Blow Things Up) Lab at the University of Colorado Boulder to fabricate generated designs.

## Physical Materials
- **Handprint 1/4" x 12" x 12" Birch Plywood:** Chosen for its durability and suitability for laser cutting. Provides an aesthetically pleasing base for designs.

# Design 1: Topographic Map Design

## Procedure

## Mathematical Calculations

## Output

## Code


# Design 2: Generated Solar System

## Procedure

## Mathematical Calculations

## Output

## Code

# Design 3: 

## Procedure

## Mathematical Calculations

## Output

## Code

# Challenges Faced

# Conclusion

# Work Cited
